chore(docs): removed documentaion and occurences of text-\* utility c… (#4399)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/selfish-jobs-rescue.md

---
'@swisspost/design-system-documentation': minor
---

> Removed documentaion and occurences of text-\* utility classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removed occurences of `.text-*` and `.link-*` color utility classes and its documentation.
```
